before i begin let me start by saying
you know what's wrong with this movie
not enough pleasure
the stars of our movie today are
bob elrond ike
and ted load
our store begins with who trinity
wham in a pickle why hell if i know
but it has something to do with some
light-sensitive government agents a
dominatrix outfit from the 90s hot topic
and a body double because i see that
honey
it's nice and shiny then they go to a
restaurant and then i don't know where
she just starts kicking us
and chest and flexing like she's
elastigirl then she makes a phone call
on her very futuristic flip phone
and tell somebody her line was hacked by
someone who's stalking that chinese
and he tells her that she's living in a
superman doctor who bill and ted mashup
where a phone booth can save the day
then she sees the popo and it's just a
bunch of
all the way to the phone and then it
starts ringing and then it keeps ringing
and she does some more of that and
answers the call and gets run over by a
mack truck except that she just up and
vanished like a farting pleather pants
but our story really begins over here in
this stinky apartment i mean look at
this place and tell me it don't reek to
high heaven smell like some microwave
ramen noodles mountain dew in a toilet
that won't flush
with this brilliant bro named neo see i
know this fake because if he's a hacker
he should either be half that size or
twice that size
there's no in between when folks who
sleep at day desks can seek nutrition
from ramen noodles and mountain dew
but he's ripped and hot as [ __ ] with
perfect skin because this make believe
he then wakes up to some advanced 90s
sexting technology
but if you read this line it sort of
sounds like an old lady trying to get
laid
oh yeah hard party in y2k
edition tonight they gonna party like
it's 1999.
for my some clearly canadian spin that
dc chalk
girl your shoulder blade about to poke
me in the eye so anyway she introduced
herself as trinity and then he's like
oh girl you consume me anytime anyplace
you invade my space
and she whispers in his ear like i know
how you never sleep
i know about your secret love of sugar
ray i know how you be stealing hits like
on napster and i know how you live alone
and watch sex in the city in your
underpants while you contemplate
aiden or big the next day neil is being
lectured by his boss about how his
ain't special and how he thinks the
rules don't apply to him and while he
isn't working he gets a special delivery
of a nokia which morpheus calls and says
there's some agents coming for you neo
but don't worry
i'mma guide you out of there and if that
don't work just throw the nokia
at them you can take three of them out
with the weight of that thing
and then neal's like and then trinity's
like
then the agent is like we know how you
never sleep
we know about your secret love of sugar
ray we know how you be stealing hits
like
all napster and we know how you live
alone and watch sex in the city in your
underpants while you contemplate aiden
or big
but neil won't help them find morpheus
because that's who they're really after
morpheus because they know what he did
to tina and i hate this scene right here
because it made me ask the big questions
like if you don't have a mouth could you
actually breathe through just your nose
because sometimes one nostril gets a
boogie and just before i realize i can
open my mouth i get a little panicked
but honestly this solo looks like my
grandma when she takes out her dancers
oh my god where's my teeth and while
neal's playing i have no mouth and i
must scream
they put this shrimp in them and well
neo good night sleep tight
don't let the belly button bugs bite neo
meet my people under this dark rainy
bridge for extra drama
then we're going to extract that thing
that sort of looks like a terminator
sperm
a [ __ ] t-time in the morpheus
mansion
and when they walk in murphy is just
standing at the window with his back to
the door
but you know right before that he was
looking at the people saying is neil
here yet oh boy i can't wait to meet him
because he's a neo fan boy and murphy's
look like the kind of guy who got a
watch with a calculator on it and then
he offers me a choice between a day
quill
and a nyquil and if he takes the dayquil
he'll finally wake the [ __ ] up
if he takes the nyquil he'll stay here
and live forever in that rat infested
hellhole slurping up them ramen noodles
plunging the john and finding out that
kerry chooses big and then just gets a
divorce
in a reunion show without some answer
take the day quilt neo lord jesus
so long story short the pill really came
up but not as bad as he'd have been
[ __ ] up if he'd hung around his joint
to hear about this sex and the city
revival
so he wakes up in some pod full of
embryonic fluid a chickadee getting
hatched from my egg who pops out of that
slimy
looking quacking nasty waking up a grown
damn man with no body hair
not even eyebrows and then you get
flushed and take a ride down the slip
and slide from hell with your little ted
bear
naked floating in a sewer of god knows
what until morpheus borrows one of them
claw thing is from 25 cent machines from
the walmart lobby
i used to love that machine got myself a
dale earnhardt pillow
got mama care bear give me enough colas
i too could have rescued the savior of
the human race
and neal just sit there looking back and
forth at trinity and murphy is like
without my body hair i'm still sexy then
he undergoes some procedures that looks
like acupuncture from hell and then
relaxes there in nothing but a loincloth
damn give the man a blanket he's so cold
he's got that whitish bluish hue
then it says something like neo did you
know that our entire existence is an
illusion
we are not really in the year 1999
we are in fact being played in a
constant marathon loop on
amc sometime around the year 2021.
then it gets a tour around the fancy
nebuchadnezzar then marvel's pokes
something into neil's brain and
apparently in here you get to create
your
appearance but i don't know why they
choose to look like this i mean if i
could pick what i look like i'll choose
somebody extra hot like
enrique iglesias without the mole
no offense mama she got a little mole
here and there
so apparently they i took over the world
and humans decided they could black out
the sun because that's what they needed
as an energy source and who the hell is
vegetables anyway
but the machines realized they could
just use humans as the batteries they
needed and when some of them died they
just turned
into soil and green and feed it right
back to the living and it's the circle
of life but neo can't handle this
so he flips his wig comes out of the
simulator and just tosses his cookies
which looks more like milk tosses his
milk and then neal's like
i can't go back can i damn fool why the
hell you want to go back where people
glue your mouth shut until you can't
breathe if you get a boogie and inject
your terminal sperm and we're told it's
overflow every time you take them out
and do piss
after 10 hours of intense mental
downloads uploads and installs
neil wakes up with this profound
enlightened revelation
i know kung fu so morpheus wants to test
him and he's like
bring it bit then they fight and neo
finds out he ain't all that
and trinity is nervous because she knows
how man gotta make the jump and if he
don't make the jump then he ain't her
man
round and round we go so that future
savior takes a leap of faith but he
can't walk on there and he bounces like
a bad chick
and they're like what does it mean and
trinity just disappear like
it don't mean neil got a fat lip from
that virtual fall and he's like
why and morpheus is like the body cannot
live without the mind
well i don't know about that because
frankly i know a lot about is walking
around pretty
mindless but then morpheus tells him a
bunch of deep like
life is a lie people don't want to
realize the truth
neil you paying attention or were you
looking at the lady in red when
everybody else is wearing black
you have asked out a girl she turned out
to be the lord of rivendell the moral of
this story is
neil's the only one who can beat some
elvenness why
because you're the main character dumb
bit hey
let's meet this friendly fella named
cipher too bad he's a good for nothing
sellout who's willing to get
all his friends killed so he can go back
to the matrix where he ain't got to eat
this slimy little hominid grits
after breakfast they take neal for a
little squeaky walk to get his fortune
told
and sofa tips off the fuzz then neal
learns how to manipulate mata from some
child that look like the last airbender
then she tells him some trippish
like did it ever occur to you that neo
rearranged is one
as in the one too bad you're not special
but either you or morpheus is going to
bite it well that sucks but hey at least
you got a cookie
but i mean there's no cookie so you
didn't get
a fake cookie right as they're about to
hightail out of the matrix the bobo
shows up then this pipsqueak says say
hello
to my little friends and then pipsqueak
dies
and then the rest of them start climbing
through the walls trying not to die
and with all the squeaking inside for
sneezing it looks like they're gonna die
and then mophie's makes a distraction so
everyone won't die
then it looks like morpheus is gonna die
but he just gets taken prisoner but they
beat the hell out of morpheus and they
expect me to feel sorry for him
after what he did to tina then cypher
gets out before everyone else
christifies those two wholesome brothers
kills this cool ponytail guy and this
pink cosplayer
then just as he's about to short circuit
neo's noodle tank is like
peekaboo bit
operation rescue hike from elrond is a
go so they save morpheus with lots of
pew pews and boom booms and
after neal plays limbo with some bullets
trinity is like how'd you move so
fast but what she's actually thinking is
wonder how fast he can oodle his noodle
then a dramatic feather lost hug and now
morpheus is home free
but then trinity almost dies and then
she don't then there's a long
fight and you hear that mr anderson
that is the sound of thomas the tank
engine then neo's like
toot toot [ __ ] then there's a
long
chase then he almost dies and then it
does and then it don't true love's first
kiss wakes up snow white
then neal shows us he knows kung fu and
then there's a big boom boom and some
smooch mooch
then neo calls the ai and talks a bunch
of smack and then flies off to the
nearest circle k for some ramen noodles
and mountain dew
the end let's offer a special thank you
to these lovely muffins for their
amazing support
kristin off star kitten isabelle
dissie race lobert gabriella c
chris oh be geezy dick caterish david c
whiskey john k nora c
nettie j cheetah gal maria t
nanu nana colette l collegee
and donny b four movies explained for
i'm jeb
adair
mama you got my rama ready